README.md, before:

# Front-end challenge
This is a test to determine how skilled you are at using git, GitHub, JavaScript, React, Redux, CSS and other technologies. You are encouraged to put your best foot forward.

## Required software
In order to work on this challenge, you will need the following:
- Node.js v10 or later.
- Yarn package manager v1.22.4 or later.
- git v2 or later.

## Test instructions
- Clone this repository.
- Open a terminal/command prompt and navigate into the cloned repository.
- Run the command below to install the app's npm dependencies:
```
yarn
```
- Create a new branch based off of the `master` branch and implement the requirements in the [app requirements](#app-requirements) section below in that branch.
- Create a public repository on GitHub and push both your `master` branch and your implementation's branch to it.
- In your repository on GitHub, raise a pull request that seeks to merge your implementation branch into the `master` branch.
- Send a link to that pull request to `ignatiusukwuoma@gmail.com` so that we can evaluate what you have done.

## App requirements
We would like you to build a basic chatting/messenger app. You have creative freedom on what it will look like, but you can use the pictures in the [sample implementation](#sample-implementation) section of this document as a guide.

**NOTE: You are required to build the app using JavaScript, CSS, HTML, React and Redux.**

**Tip: to make things easier, we suggest that you use [Create React App](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html#create-react-app) to create your app and, thus, get started faster on building the features below.**

- Required features:
1. A user should be able to select different friends. You should list at least 5 other friends that the user can select.
1. After selecting a friend, a user should be able to write messages in the chat window, hit a "Send" button or press Enter to send the message, and see them appear.
1. A user should be able to switch from Friend A to Friend B and still see any previous messages that they've sent to Friend B.
1. The app must be responsive at least at mobile resolutions.

- Not required:
1. Persisting chat history across page reloads.
1. Talking to a backend/REST API.
1. A sign up or sign in system.
1. Making the app responsive at ALL resolutions.

## Sample implementation
Here are screenshots of a sample implementation for you to use as a guide:
- [When the app is freshly loaded](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11fnQIKE-CZUvZkBqcsi3BnFnXkgMntLI/view?usp=sharing)
- [When a user has selected a friend and sent them some messages](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h5D3Sah57P6tbIv4uFuxh3SxwGGTNe4h/view?usp=sharing)

All the best!

Commit message:

Add instructions for a TypeScript app.

README.md, after:

# Front-end challenge
This is a test to determine how skilled you are at using git, GitHub, TypeScript, React, Redux, CSS and other technologies. You are encouraged to put your best foot forward.

## Required software
In order to work on this challenge, you will need the following:
- TypeScript v3.7 or later.
- Node.js v10 or later.
- Yarn package manager v1.22.4 or later.
- git v2 or later.

## Test instructions
- Clone this repository.
- Open a terminal/command prompt and navigate into the cloned repository.
- Run the command below to install the app's npm dependencies:
```
yarn
```
- Create a new branch based off of the `master` branch and implement in that branch the requirements in the [app requirements](#app-requirements) section below.
- Create a public repository on GitHub and push both your `master` branch and your implementation branch to it.
- In your repository on GitHub, raise a pull request that seeks to merge your implementation branch into the `master` branch.
- Send a link to that pull request to `ignatiusukwuoma@gmail.com` so that we can evaluate what you have done.

## App requirements
We would like you to build a basic chatting/messenger app. You have creative freedom on what it will look like, but you can use the pictures in the [sample implementation](#sample-implementation) section of this document as a guide.

**NOTE: You are required to build the app using TypeScript, React, Redux, HTML and CSS.**

**Tip: to make things easier, we suggest that you use [Create React App](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html#create-react-app) to create your app and, thus, get started faster on building the features below. You can also use [these instructions](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/) to set up TypeScrit for the app that you created using Create React App.**

### Required features:
1. The app must responsive at mobile, tablet and desktop resolutions.
1. A user should be able to select different friends to chat with. You should list at least 10 friends that the user can select.
1. After selecting a friend, a user should be able to write messages in the chat window, either hit a "Send" button OR press Enter to send the message, and see them appear.
1. In the same session, a user should be able to switch from Friend A to Friend B and still see the previous messages that they've sent to Friend B.
1. Chat history must be persisted on the frontend across page reloads.
1. A user should be able to add a new line to a message by pressing Shift+Enter.

### Not required:
1. Talking to a backend/REST API.
1. A sign up or sign in system.

## Sample implementation
Here are screenshots of a sample implementation for you to use as a guide:
- [When the app is freshly loaded](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11fnQIKE-CZUvZkBqcsi3BnFnXkgMntLI/view?usp=sharing)
- [When a user has selected a friend and sent them some messages](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h5D3Sah57P6tbIv4uFuxh3SxwGGTNe4h/view?usp=sharing)

All the best!
